
## [JavaScript Frameworks - Heading into 2024](https://dev.to/this-is-learning/javascript-frameworks-heading-into-2024-i3l)

* Progressive Web Applications and offline first -> Server first
*  HTMX -> why JavaScript is just a mistake.
* Signal support: Preact, Qwik, SolidJS, Vue, Angular, Lit, Svelte...
* Signal in React -> React forget
	* But the short answer is Signals, at least as an API, is not something they are interested in, and their much anticipated "Forget" compiler would be serving a similar role.
* Hybrid Routing
	* React Server Components and Astro's View Transition API integration.
	* We are moving into a new space that isn't quite a Single Page App and isn't quite a traditional multi-page site.
* Edge Runtime: server uses the same APIs as the browser
	* Move your server closer to your end user and you drastically reduce latency.
	* Dynamic at the speed of Static.
	* Cloudflare was releasing Edge Databases, all our favorite providers started offering Edge functions, and our favorite frameworks were adding out-of-the-box support.
	* The providers had formed a committee WinterCG to talk about standardizing the platform. The future was here.
	* Vercel said that the Next.js Edge Runtime would be totally standard, and portable
		* Next.js now requires that these "standard" edge runtimes implement the Node.js specific API AsyncLocalStorage API that has no specification
	* Edge Databases would never suffice for all applications
	* Next.js 14 new experimental Partial Prerendering
		* allowed a single request to serve static content from the edge while proxying through to Server-less Functions closer to the database all being streamed to offer an Edge-like experience without deploying your whole app there.
* 2024: The Year of Signals
	* Why Do frameworks Keep Evolving into Solid JS
* Infrastructure-Led Development
	* Standards are slow and WinterCG will take some time
	* To differentiate I expect pressure for frameworks and infrastructure providers alike to offer unique features that may only work on specific platforms.
* AI
	* last year, this year -> too early to talk about AI from a framework standpoint
	* Code migration and generation tools are all great ideas but they suffer the same issue we've had for years with visual No or Low Code editors
	* developer tooling & increased potential of real-time being built into our frameworks
		* Websockets
